Added fromVersion format for widget with data type 'metrics' (#1489)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

* Fixed an issue where **openapi-codegen** corrupted the swagger file by overwriting configuration to swagger file.
* Updated the **upload** command to support uploading zipped packs to the marketplace.
* Added to the **postman-codegen** command support of path variables.

> * Added format in **format** command for widget with data type 'metrics' to have minimal fromVersion 6.2.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The **format** command will now set `fromVersion: 6.2.0` for widgets with 'metrics' data type.
```
